hey everybody welcome back dinner on the
line plays The Binding of Isaac out for
the plus we survived the last run
despite like dude it was oh my don't
even get me freakin stuff phew didn't
see that oh my god we never got a single
damage of grand til the womb one and
then it was that 99% of our damage was
provided by a single Empress card anyway
I think I'm gonna try to make the keeper
work again
I like the keeper cuz it might seem like
it's yours your seed by the way QB m7y
Neff I've always said that you might be
saying well the keepers you know he's
dangerous bloke and I say of course I
say bloke all the time it's just a part
of my everyday lexicon ever since I
watched Trainspotting 2 on the movie
channel and geezer Guy Ritchie gave me
personal permission to do so but because
we have so little done as the keeper or
as I like to call them the geezer it
actually does not matter because it's
kind of like a low stakes game right
like we we could beat almost anything
and it would be a step forward for us
and unlocking new stuff plus I just like
playing as the keeper cuz you know the
stakes are high I love it when the
stakes are high I love you when you
deuces are wild that's another thing you
got to know about me if you're gonna
keep watching this show unfortunately
our item is kind of trash at least it's
kind of trash for the keeper
specifically I don't want to there's a
lot of items situationally that are
great or situationally are garbage and
often times are great universally or on
a general sense apart from that
unfortunately the Wooden Nickel already
fits that bill for us please stop taking
damage what I mean by that is that the
Wooden Nickel is mostly like pretty bad
and almost exclusively not really worth
your time but if you're the keeper it's
actually like the only thing that
separates you from the animals you know
it's it's only thing keeping you in
business now you're gonna think that
what I'm about to say is nonsense but
I'm the world's luckiest yet also
shrewdest man of the Dwight variety
I said to myself self we got one bomb
you know what we should do
I almost said said to myself why don't
we walk on the spikes to pick that up
because of swallowed penny that would
not have been smart but I said to myself
self
we got one bomb why don't we try to blow
up as many pots as possible with it
maybe we'll get swallowed penny never in
a million years would I have expected it
to work on the first bomb so lucky us
swallowed penny is one of the best
things you can get items or otherwise
are we on an excellent it's not an excel
floor just a long floor one of the best
things you can get is the keeper
essentially this makes it very very
difficult to die now have I found a way
to do so in the past absolutely dude if
you think I'm exploring the rest of this
floor you're as stupid as I am honestly
that's so rare like cell phone that was
also like almost a little bit too mean
that's a joke I don't know if this joke
has origins elsewhere but real talk I
was when I was growing up for like a few
years I lived with my parents obviously
because I was like 7 to 11 years old but
we also lived with my maternal
grandparents cuz you know three
generations under one roof and kind of
like a pseudo Brady Bunch sort of
situation we were having dinner with
them because they lived in the upstairs
portion of the house and my grandma was
like you know I think we need to buy new
curtains I'm worried that you know
somebody could be looking through the
window when I'm changing and then my
grandfather said I mean this is I'm
quoting so I apologized might come
across a little misogynistic it was born
in like 1935 or something with roses in
his eyes of course he said woman who
would want to see you naked they must be
as crazy as I am and I laughed and I
laughed and it's this defining anecdote
for my humor to this day and age yeah
the prevailing idea being you can make
fun of somebody else as long as it also
comes with a greater cellphone it likely
not self phone you know like a Toshiba
or something how old am I like a Toshiba
you know those Toshiba cell follows
Motorola razors people are walking
around with in today's day and age you
can all what you can usually I shouldn't
say always you can usually get away with
poking fun at other people as long as
within the poking fun you also give a
little self roast in there of a higher
magnitude that's my philosophy at least
is it true
not always not always is no axiom is
true 100% of the time including that one
it's like a nose only a Sith deals in
absolutes sort of situation but yes you
may feel sympathy for my grandmother
that's kind of a rude thing to say but
it's it stood the test of time in the
memory banks anyway we've got 19 cents
here we're gonna have at least eighteen
cents after this room we want to
preserve our deal with the devil chance
cuz it could be of some value for us
excuse me sir you should be deceased the
ideal situation is a great deal with the
devil for one hard we are able to pick
it up and then there's an HP upgrade on
the boss so we take the HP upgrade it's
like we didn't do anything at all if we
have to do angel path completely fine by
me I got nothing against that I'm gonna
donate two cents here just Ted I thought
maybe we had a chance I didn't realize
there was an upgrade at level four but
I'll take it
thought about taking the card there as
well but I think we're better off saving
our money cuz you never know maybe you
know we're able to get to an item room
on the next floor as a result or
something like that and got a lot of
game left out ahead of us pretty much
every keeper run I've put on the channel
so far has had like a chance to win and
it has been squandered so I'm a little
gun-shy I guess you could say about our
chances here we also just kind of blew
our deal with the devil chance there to
a minor degree at least I haven't seen
the item room yet to the best of my
memory the other alternative as we saw
it and it was garbage because I didn't
pick anything up but let's go test here
can I get some luck upgrades by the way-
to luck
feeling the burn a little bit don't mind
the Flies but it's gonna put us in a
crunch for other consumables now this
guy I really thought we had outsmarted
the system there we just needed to do a
little bit of an Elvis Stojko instead we
did a Brian Boitano an inferior move and
we found ourselves taking more damage
still have that 1% chance though stars
moon my moon my man we got plays here we
got plays we forget boss rush we already
did boss no we're never gonna do boss
rush that's a stupid question don't boss
rush is dangerous I should say so it's
not that we're never gonna do it I'm
just a little frightened at the present
moment
no thank you we need to go to the item
room
but the moon card is also very very
useful it can take us out of the curse
room if we want to go to the curse room
or it could take us out of the boss Trap
room which we have not had the access to
as a result of our HP booger tears it's
very good I don't know why I stopped and
thought about it and I was like what
about this is bad where's the catch
there is no catch it's just a good item
so let's go back spawn room please go
low
many people have yelled at me as
politely as they conceivably could on
social media and said you idiot stop
trying to stand near the door just go
down as soon as you get in the room dude
but like wait a minute hold up it's your
boy
young genius feeling blessed picking up
fat stacks fight an angel statues why is
the self-sacrifice room all of a sudden
the greatest idea under the Tuscan Sun
starring Diane Lane and Richard Gere
no that's unfaithful under the Tuscan
Sun is a Jennifer Connelly joint I think
obviously we'll take this key piece
young genius
leave as much money around as you can
stomach dude cuz that's HP if you get
hit so we do not want to teleport
teleporting here is idiocy of the
highest degree but if we can knock out a
greed mega satan run i would consider
myself the world's dumbest genius we
also have 69 cents it's like written in
stone a guaranteed success story bomb
for a key yeah so we got our curse room
check this out I don't care how that was
done I don't care about the rune I just
want to live yes how'd I do I don't want
to pick up the money though you know
like I recognize I can keep doing that
but I don't want to I don't want to pick
up the money though is what is that
it's another blank rune it's a yera
it if you're at the blank room perthro
algae's it seized on it he has not done
it I just want to go to the boss Trap
room man take me the bus chat room dudu
dudu I mean I guess we could blow
ourselves up in the head in there but at
that point we're asking for a loss so
let's just not be stupid instead there's
a lot of probably like face palming and
out what are you doing you'll cut me
some slack okay we have 70 cents and we
just went to the self sacrifice room as
the keeper and got an outrageous value
out of it so if you'll excuse me I'm not
feeling too perturbed about my eyes at
play right now
bulgar tears by the way basically good
can't take it too risky basically good
without magnanimous damage could always
use a little bit more but gonna by
pay-to-play
even donate some money it just seems
like the right kind of run usually
something all unlock at six six six kind
of hope when we get like a luck upgrade
to pull ourselves out of the doldrums of
luck here obviously got thirty eight
cents to play with a little fun money
for the rest of the run if we play our
cards right we might be able to get a
decent like ace of spades payout here
somewhere like we're generating money
not that much of it maybe a lot of it
but not all of it is happening in like
one room so that's costing us but like
apart from that pretty good so we have a
one no we did it this room sucks dude
this is like a universally reviled room
why do we have a 0% angel chance I guess
it doesn't carry over from the previous
floor so you know screw the deal with
the devil chance I guess this is not bad
what it is in particular we got 46
percent at least for now that's pretty
good what this is is a great chance for
booger tears to prove that it's like
useful especially apparently if we can
stack up the boogers where the enemies
spawn it can kill the enemies before
they get a chance to do anything so we
would love a tears upgrade or an HP
upgrade plus a good one hard deal with
the devil a damage upgrade is also very
nice but rate of fire is kind of the
bread and butter by which we're making a
buttered salami sandwich here
was your favorite part you you were a
child of the everyman or were you like a
you know private school kid who ate
lunch at the cafeteria every day Cade
grew up in a in an affluent neighborhood
not much of a surprise you've you're not
familiar with Vancouver it's very much
like you know parts of it are like the
Beverly Hills of Canada there's other
parts of Canada that are like that as
well I shouldn't have taken that pill it
could have been a health down but you
know kate tells me they the school that
she went to was like one of the best
it's a public school it was one of the
best in the country apparently you know
they had like an on-campus subway which
is just we drove like 45 minutes to get
the subway where I'm at the high school
but you know we all I'm saying is our
high school I remember specifically 80
cent cheeseburgers 65 cent hamburgers
makes it sound like I grew up in the
1950s I went to high school between 2002
and 2006 the hamburgers were just so bad
the free market would not let them
charge more than a dollar for a meal cuz
it was that awful
nobody was eating at the cafeteria
unless they didn't have a choice you
know the number one selling item in our
cafeteria was french fries literally you
know your your brain as a teenager is
just it'll take any nutrients it's so
hungry for energy and vitamins you feed
your growing body what should you have
for lunch how about you know a pre trans
fat band box of french fries you can get
away with it as a teenager but what the
heck was my school doing dude as as a
teenager I was just like whatever they
got bigger problems as an adult I'm like
what these kids are your responsibility
you're letting the cafeteria serve like
you walk into the cafeteria half the
kids just have a box of french fries for
lunch we got called Jamie Oliver dude
this is not okay I'm not the health
zealot or anything like that I'm just
like I school at a soda machine in it as
well like a vending machine
I got an almost no problem with that
like if you gave me a piece of paper and
said it's a referendum should high
schools be allowed to have soda machines
in them you might vote no but it would
be close the only reason that vote no is
because like
you know there's like water fountains
there already why not have like I mean I
guess if they could buy soda from the
cafeteria who cares see is what I'm
getting at I'm not I don't have a firm
opinion on it one way or the other I can
see both sides are both sides equally
valid in my eyes right now yes but that
could change I know there's always
anytime you oppose something like that
there's always like you know well people
you know you can't hold their hand their
whole life good should I be able to get
in my car without consulting the
government look I understand where
you're coming from as well there's
something to say about personal freedom
yet at the same time no offense meant if
you're on the younger side if you're
watching this and you're 15 16 14 you're
not an adult you don't have an adult
brain you might be very smart you might
even be smarter than I am but you don't
have an adult brain you know you the
decisions you make that you think are
completely devoid of outside influence
aren't necessarily so I think that you
know some corporations can use that to
prey on you a little bit because you
have a little bit more innocence in your
decision-making process and you know
they say why not have a cigarette
it's sales stand inside of the high
school and then just you know if you
don't smoke just don't use it you know
you got to think of it from a public
damage stamp well anyway the whole point
is it's not about that but I don't think
kids should just be eating french fries
for lunch like once a week no wonder we
were like falling asleep in class that
and you know it was boring but anyway
you get the idea what I was gonna say
though is what was the part of your
school lunch you were most excited about
this is not that good but it does take
us closer to bookworm for me 100 percent
number one a number one item sandwich
mom would make me a sandwich for lunch
yeah all the way even into high school
my mom would make me a sandwich when I
way to school it's not like I breastfed
until I was the agent 30 or something
like that but I understand that most
people probably didn't live that life
your jealousies showing it's not very
becoming of you number two granola bar
absolutely
number three single piece of fruit or
cheese like an apple string cheese
number four now we're we're getting into
the doldrums dude fruit snacks I know
there are adults who eat them not my
scene you know was like a top-tier lunch
when you were a kid cold fried chicken
like your parents brought home KFC the
night before or something like that and
they're like well there's two pieces of
chicken left we'll give you one to take
for lunch something about like the taste
of cold fried chicken even to this day
is like this is a good school day even
as like a 28 year old now the irony of
course is that I could go buy my own KFC
but I don't because I you know
Carrabelle my body's a temple and all
that
mostly it's actually that KFC is just
not that popular it's not a big fried
chicken city I hate it for that it's not
that big I mean people here do they tend
to live myself excluded live healthier
lifestyles you know it's an outdoorsy
town but people still you know they
drink a lot of craft beer for example
not necessarily good for you the fried
chicken just hasn't popped off
we got a Church's take me to church is
I'd like a tube he's meal with the fries
give me buttered biscuits that would be
really nice you thought I forgot about
that nah son okay this time 56% chance
deal with the devil I'm living my best
life okay we can't get an eternal heart
that's fine that was a very good start
to this fight a lot of momentum you're
not dead
he's dead we got HP no Krampus please
ooh um you gotta take first off you
gotta be careful because if you get hit
by any of these fires after you take the
item you're gonna die so there's a
couple of options we could take both
items and hope that guppies color keeps
us alive we can take one item we can
take no items we're gonna take one item
we're not gonna take the other copy item
even though the other guppy item would
you know take us closer to being guppy
God is saved to HP otherwise we've
completely squandered the existence of
swallowed penny so this is not a run on
what you're gonna do boss rush I'm going
to avoid pudding you know that kind of
hex on myself we did get up to negative
1 lakh - so like this is a big step for
us statistically speaking no I want that
money thank you
of course if we can become guppy I'd
love to but we don't need to do boss
rush on this run that's just getting a
little overly ambitious instead don't
take the pills it could be health downs
you madman instead you know take your
time stop
that was actually extremely scary and
you know the statistical speaking the
run still kind of bad like we've
improved and it's nice don't get me
wrong in that department
however you know we got 0.85 speed makes
it tough to dodge just calling it like I
see it guess we don't need keys actually
we should probably just I hate this cuz
if we get hit we still have to dodge to
the to the coin in order to heal
ourselves so fact we had no coins we
keep fighting these Boney's who are like
the most annoying enemy cuz they just
never stop shooting you
I gotta stop taking those dude you know
what we're sitting still yeah yeah how
you doing Tom Oh Tom Oh Rilke both cats
loving the sauna that is the room right
now you want a temperature check it's
like twenty eight it's not it's been
worse it's not good but it's been worse
quite a rainy day in Vancouver today so
this room is I guess it's cooled down by
proxy but still please there we go
alright enough vancouver talk man you
know what we could really use a single
tears upgrade speed high on the tier
list flying so we can more easily
maneuver to the coins we've earned
important but being able to shoot more
frequently it's just gonna have an
effect like a knock-on effect with so
many different aspects of this run you
know we'll get more boogers which i've
been told as a positive thing in this
situation
we'll kill enemies faster thank you for
that
I don't want HP anything but HP I'm
talking range
give me range give me something that is
banned or not amazing but contributes to
a transformation just very upset right
now you've given me something but it's
not the something I want okay ball of
tar not a strong item we definitely want
to go to our shop as well this is of
nasty room and you know you think just
because you get swallowed penny you got
the keys to the kingdom in many ways we
do were it not for swallowed penny we
would be feeling the pain to a much
greater degree than we already are
oh my lord that worked but it doesn't
give us guaranteed wins it just makes it
a lot we're a lot more insulated from
like likely losses where's invisible boy
you might have blown up ya mad visit
that's supposed to be American Girl but
instead it ended up being brown eyed
girl to Dib two very different girls
don't you get it confused
don't you mean American woman I mean the
one by Tom Petty
you Philistine
you strawman Philistine great name for
an indie band
I need this coin I need this coin it
worked I was feeling quite vulnerable
there all that just to fight G read here
whatever I mean he's gonna eat it but
it's very scared for part of that we
probably should have died on that room
the room before this I should say Excel
floor we know where everything is still
cannot even come close to make it at the
boss rush forget hush by the way we
might want to go the negative path just
cuz we could accomplish more oh my god I
can't take an HP upgrade especially at
the cost of speed it's just like I don't
really want to fight the lamb and mega
Satan go all the way through Sheol we've
already done half of the light side path
so I think we should maybe try to knock
out as but not as much as we can for
like progress is sake but it's just like
it makes more sense you know if you got
a quiz worth 1% of your mark and an
assignment worth 10 they're both due on
the same day what are you gonna spend
the majority of your time working
towards hold on I have a very important
person I've got very important messages
like my cellphone just sent me a text
and said battery power 5% you're gonna
say NL why don't you plug in your cell
phone it's a long story I have one
outlet near my side of the bed I
unplugged it last night to plug in an
electric blanket because my necks all
jacked up cuz I'm a hundred and eighty
years old never plugged it in later so
yeah my phone's on 5% what's it to you
every will you tell anybody about
anything in your life on the internet
there why don't you do it like this
instead why am I your own beeswax and by
that I mean continue to watch and
support my content thank you very much
I'm sorry mr. customer is always right
okay stop this I just hate that I mean
we don't need the money of course take a
bunch of bombs even though I'm probably
pretty unlikely to use them got in like
a comical set of not really very useful
items on this floor I mean when the best
item you've gotten on the floor is Bala
Tarr you know it's gonna be a bit dicey
certainly no deal with the devil is to
be expected here bulgar tears not doing
a whole heck of a lot for us against
enemies that constantly disappear
no okay we didn't get hit I mean even if
we get here we get coins however it's
not quite the lights out strap you might
think it is please just like an orbital
he's done it a single orbital makes this
so much easier
give me a tears upgrade give me a tea
give me any ears what's that spell tears
up got a rethink that one a little bit
he's done
we need the negative way don't we could
take either to be fair but I am like we
can't this runs not that bad
it's not as bad on paper except for the
hole keeper aspect of it as the as the
Maggie run that we just finished is was
I should say uh that being said to
really really low DPS runs in a row your
boy is entering like a pit of morale
purgatory on either of these runs did we
stand a single chance on God's green
earth of ever entering boss rush or the
hush fight you might be saying NL you
got a chance to get the hush fight no
you you need to be logical this is not
gonna happen
I'm mister hush I'm mister boss rush we
can't make it it's a losing battle right
now you got to pick your battles that's
what people always say I'm bombing my
way through rooms not because they're
difficult but just because like I know
that all of us unless you know Ray
Kurzweil gets his way I have a limited
amount of time on planet Earth
and I don't think we should spend it
fighting two chubs when we could be
spending at petting chubs twice as bare
taffies dog more chubs less chub that's
what I've always said
ever since about maybe 11 seconds ago
hello oh I see yeah I see you look at
you look at you
please look at you the devil it's a good
card it's more than a good card when I
hear that old song I used to play a it's
it's an essential card it might be an
essential card before the mega satan
fight and that is very sad to think of I
think we're better off not going back
for that coin I wish it weren't so like
Eagle Eye cherry and saved tonight but
that was that was the better decision
this could be a hell of down we can't do
it oh you know what I gotta take it just
to spite myself you're gonna give me an
are you a wizard pill in the rotation
screw you dude yeah that's right give me
a health up and also give me a tea give
me a hit we don't have to we don't have
to make that joke every time
okay 46% chance of a deal with the devil
as long as we don't take damage on the
boss fight itself something not much but
it's something
please don't be a difficult enemy this
is pretty easy really it's just like no
no it's just mostly there goes our deal
with the devil but still it's mostly
about stacking these boogers on there
like an old couch a tears upgrade oh
it's like less than a 20% upgrade but
still in our present situation it might
as well have been like getting a second
Christmas you might have noticed like
Wooden Nickel I wouldn't say it's like
worn out its welcome it's not nearly as
essential to the whole process as it
used to be and that's good means we can
rely on Swallow penny instead and it
swallowed penny has honestly been doing
gangbusters which i think is actually
the proper way they use that word it's
like myriad people always use myriad
wrong they always say there have been
there have been a myriad of bloss no
it's just there's been myriad laws
I think I don't know what do I look like
I speak Aladdin I don't even know the
words to live in la vida loca except for
you know all of them actually now that I
think about it I think that song
promotes a weird message like it's
obviously a cautionary tale about Ricky
Martin you know having intercourse with
a dangerous woman yet at the same time
really glosses over the fact that she
essentially drugged him she took my
heart as she took my money must've
slipped me a sleeping pill Ricky get out
it's not okay it's extreme she's
pharmaceutically assaulted you somehow
we got a deal with the devil there I am
amazed I'm not going any deeper down
that rabbit well I understand it's a
dangerous topic I'm just I'm saying it
in the whole song it's like feel-good
hit of the year livin la vida loca lady
drugged Ricky Martin it's extremely not
okay he's still in love with her after
all that as well it's just it's a
troubling tale that's all I'm saying oh
[Music]
just getting out of there I have no
interest being destroyed on that room so
this is where things start to coalesce
for us
all we need to do is beat mega Satan if
you beat mega Satan we unlock something
come on don't need any of this like I'm
saving bombs just in case we got a bomb
through rooms down here now is it too
likely that we're gonna you know want to
use 16 bombs to get through rooms here
no it's pretty unlikely but not
necessarily likely oh Jesus never gonna
need bombs for combat later I did dude
thank God for any invincibility we're
getting right now that's all I'm saying
no no don't do it I'm so scared
he's done it there was no reason for
that to be as frightening as it ended up
being but your boy was very nervous I
kind of want to pop the devil card here
but it's so much more useful in like the
litany of situations that could sorry
the myriad situations that could show up
from this point onwards
excuse me they stole the booger tears no
respect okay should try to like you know
earn do not use this devil card
stay away from me
back off get your own sandwich one's got
to go not sure if you noticed we have
0.85 speed one of yous got to go
I can't dodge to you the speed stab will
not allow it
no no you will never get this just keep
stacking those boobs dude
hashtag who stacked the boobs it's
looking you know I was gonna say it's
looking likely we'll win here but this
is the worst of all waves you know that
you know Charles Dickens like it's the
best of waves it's the worst of waves
nah son this is just the worst of waves
I'm not that much of an optimist about
this at least
they're so out of sync no let's go that
one I dispute
can we talk about the 0.85 speed thing
because it's really starting to get you
know sneeze my cheese expression doesn't
make any sense but here I'm telling you
the feet SWOT like the second foot has
now become the leading foot I don't know
if it's like a you know they were
drafting or something like that okay so
we've made it yeah that's a funny joke
how about you take my funny joke and put
it in your mouth
game not audience store key that's good
it's something guppy dreams please no
guppy dreams infested health dub it's
not bad sort of what am i doing well I
kind of want to like although it's
torturous right now if I could beat the
lamb with keeper despite it being
annoying I would never have to do it
again obviously I want to beat mega
satan as well gotta be honest with you
i'm not a huge fan of our odds even with
the trump card of swallowed penny
working out like a hundred percent of
the time I'm also kind of hoping we beat
the odds somehow and just get like the
world's luckiest deals and buy deals I
mean items now you see like you can't
shoot bombs of me cuz it's just not fair
cuz I've 0.85 speed so I'm gonna spend
all my time shooting these bombs it's
gonna make it very difficult to put any
meaningful damage on you look at you
just gotta surround them with endless
booger tears of the mucosal varieties
more bombs
I would like no big rooms please not
realistic but would be nice just
surround him encase him in the detritus
of your nostrils it's working
Jake Lloyd Jeff that's right I know the
actor played young Anakin Skywalker get
out of here with that doubt who do you
think you are Cole Phelps you'll excuse
the bereft nosov commentary right now
sadly I have to focus on Isaac because
the last two runs have provided us with
essentially no strengths well I mean
they've they've both provided me with an
inability to die which is a pretty
strong trait in Isaac but you know it's
a little tedious to kill enemies as well
we've almost made it to the lamp fight I
give us like if we make it to the lamp
fight I think any room has about a
passive 1% chance to just end us like
via situation exactly like this yep okay
sure guppies scholar copies thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the episode
maybe one of these days we'll get both
halves to the yin and yang of a keeper
run good damage and survivability for
now though thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed if you did click the like button
I'm sorry great - of course if you
haven't seen more in the future but for
now they squadron I'll see you next time